{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green57\blue121;\red238\green189\blue53;\red199\green200\blue201;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c4314\c29804\c54902;\cssrgb\c94902\c78039\c26667\c10196;\cssrgb\c81961\c82353\c82745;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17320\viewh8820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Restaurant applicaton\
\
So we have a restaurant that isn\'92t a restaurant. It\'92s a catering company. \
\
We want to have \
Chef bio\
	- history\
	- current\
	- what they can do for you\
\
Calendar for reservations\
\
Three tiers of food? Maybe in order to give some pricing ideas.??\
\
Contact form creates new client inside database. \
\
I wanted to have 3 tables. \
Potential clients - people who signed up and did nothing\
Pre clients - people who signed up and are prepping for meals\
And post clients - people who have ordered meals before.\
\
Then we join those tables like we learned. \
\
Payments are done paypal?\
\
Events/Menu/Venues\
Try to showcase previous events to let the customer know what they specialize in. Office functions. Galla events. Craft Services/ What kind of thing are we expecting to make here. \
\
\
Testimonials\
\
\
By Tuesday I kind of want to have the pages set up and ready to throw some javascript on. \
\
\
Getting some photos of the team and a bio together. \
\
A weekly subscription of followers.\
\
\
Create a dynamic solution to allow potential clients to order and \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jmvillajin@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 jmvillajin@gmail.com}}
\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
Soma1234}